what's up guys welcome back so today I
want tell something very very very
exciting Ticket Master verified fan
pre-sales let's get into it so we gotta
go over the basics so what are they how
do they work how do you sign up and then
any kind of tips to make sure you
maximize your chances of actually
getting those tickets so let's start
from the top what is a Ticketmaster a
verified fan presale basically it's
ticketmasters version of being able to
create a pre-sale so that they can
really kind of filter out any of the
bots and brokers who are trying to buy
tickets for different events obviously
no system is perfect boy Ticketmaster
does is they actually have an algorithm
where they'll take everyone's kind of
information it'll then kind of take it
all back put it through their magical
algorithm machine and then what I'll do
it'll spit out an option saying hey
you're eligible for the pre-sale or no
unfortunately you're we put on the
waitlist you may or may not get tickets
in the future but most likely once
you've been hit on that waitlist or not
been verified essentially odds are you
won't be getting any tickets
that's the basic gist of it Ticketmaster
kind of introduced it a couple of years
ago they started with just you know
couple of events here and there then
it's kind of now taken off as people
have got a bit more used to it and
they've kind of fine-tuned it so at the
beginning it was you would sign up for a
presale and you could just kind of set
up as many times you wanted with one
phone number and you basically you just
get tons of codes fielded by lots of
tickets ticket master has then kind of
refined it so that now if you kind of
use an account that is has been flagged
generally speaking you won't be getting
any more tickets on that account for the
pre-sale so that's kind of what it is in
terms of how it works it's relatively
straightforward and by that I mean not
straightforward at all so let's kind of
dive into that so first off you actually
have to know when this presale is
happening or when the signup period is
open take a master obviously want as
many people to sign up as possible so
that they can you know one get all that
data and then to you know allow people
to feel like they have the chance to
really get tickets for something
unfortunately many of them will not
and so one you know when the
registration period is opened and with
that you then also need to register
I'm just knowing unfortunately is not
enough so actually registering is a
relatively I would say is actually
very straightforward and very easy
process the only there's a couple things
there though that you should know once
you've actually gone and registered
you'll get a confirmation email and
it'll basically tell you when you'll
find out if you've been selected or not
and then it'll also give you the
information on when the tickets will
actually go on sale for that presale
usually the night before two days before
you'll get an email confirmation saying
hey congratulations you've been verified
or a success or you'll be on the other
end of the spectrum where it says
unfortunately due to high demand you've
been placed on the waitlist now being
placed on the waitlist to be one of two
things basically what it means they're
just three people who signed up so
unfortunately they couldn't give
everybody a code which is why they kind
of do this process and then to the other
option when you're put on that wait list
it means that you unfortunately have
been flagged now they're not going to
explicitly state this but what it means
is that if you have been flagged your
account will never be able to
successfully get a code ever again
before I take a master verified fan
pre-sale reason behind that is again
like I said with the algorithm what
they're trying to do is we dope Rover's
and BOTS and and so what Ticketmaster
has done is basically flagged that
account to say hey we're always gonna
put whoever signs up with this account
and this email address and this phone
number we're gonna put them in this
other bucket so that they never get
tickets again because we don't like you
you don't know which Bucky you've been
put in so obviously the first time it
happens we're on the wait list I would
not be too worried or too concerned but
if you find that you've signed up for
you know five six seven events down the
road and every single time you're being
put on that waitlist that's kind of the
time to get worried the actual ticket
buying process is a bit easier but at
the same time there are a lot of kind of
things that can trip you up so when you
actually are going to buy the tickets
you have to one get into the weight room
in time so make sure that you are there
you know about ten fifteen minutes where
the pre sell opens reason behind that is
that you actually go to wait room you
have to usually not always but sometimes
you'll have to do another level of
authentication and then once you've kind
of passed through all of that and the
weight room opens and you know the
tickets are going on sale you're put
into a waiting room line so once you're
in that line it kind of depends where
you are if you're in the first two
thousand you'll have an actual slot or a
number that you'll see that pops up on
your screen if fortune Utley you are you
know two thousand or more he's just
gonna say two thousand plus
please wait blah blah blah you see a
little walking man there sometimes
you'll think he kind of like tore his
ACL cuz he's just not moving he's having
a really tough time but not a whole lot
we can do there once you're kind of
placed in that line just a matter of
waiting for the ticket for you to get to
the front once you're there go ahead buy
the tickets congratulations you made it
you made it you did it
Congrats you are the best that's guys
jumpers of how the Ticket Master
verified fan pre-cell works in terms of
actually signing up very very
straightforward though we'll just jump
into it right now take a look here so
all you need to do is there's a couple
ways of doing it one you can go to the
band's website and then just click
through the links there to get to the
verified fan signup page otherwise you
can just go onto google once here just
take a quick look at all the information
just everyone on tour stay tuned signing
buttons here we'll click that in a
moment it what you'll see here is the
deadline to register ass on this case
closes Sunday October 20th 10 p.m. so
what we'll do is just a matter of
clicking the button sign in put your
login information you'll get to the
bottom where it'll ask you to select
which show or shows you're interested in
if it's just one show that you're able
to register for you'll just see the one
line if there's multiple options
generally we'll say your first second
third preference however many options
they give you that's all you do is just
kind of go to a drop down list and just
pick one now the one that you want to go
to obviously don't just make any random
one because we're not crazy anyway then
last couple of things there are these
two check boxes here do you consent to
join the mailing list and then do you
wanna be notified of other verified fan
programs with similar artists I don't
check these off just because I don't
need any more spam than I already get so
you can leave those blank but if you do
wanna be notified or you want to get
more information things like that you
can go ahead and select these but I will
be leaving them blank at this time then
the last step is here once hit submit we
actually go through a 2-step
verification process that's all you need
to do is click the option that you
desire so either text or call and then
what will happen is you'll get a six
digit confirmation number that you'll
need to enter in once it is ready
all right so once your code comes in
type that into your box hit confirm and
then congratulations registration is
complete congratulations you did it you
signed up so what you'll see on the
registration page is a bit more
information again this one here is
important it does not guarantee that
everybody will get a ticket so just keep
that in mind if you do register it
doesn't mean you'll get a code if you do
get a code doesn't mean you'll get a
ticket last few things when you hear
from us again so this is a section here
basically tells you when they will
announce to you whether you've been
selected or not you get an email basis
saying hey congratulations you made it
or unfortunately you can put on the
waitlist so again you do need to have
your mobile device available generally
speaking the codes will be sent a few
hours before the event goes on sale
sometimes we get it the night before but
generally speaking it will just be a
couple of hours in the morning of the
event going on sale down here tells you
when the pre-salt will happen so Tuesday
October 22nd at 4 p.m. local time and
then they tell you the limits so in this
case 4 tickets per code easy right so
yeah so that's basically how you sign up
like I said takes only a couple minutes
not even so the hardest part is really
kind of picking out which show or shows
you're trying to sign up for but yeah
that's kind of basically all you need to
know on the signup process there's a
couple of things that you can do to kind
of help make your odds a bit better so
number one if you're buying an event
that is local like so for example if the
event is happening in New York and
you're from New York it's not guarantee
but for the most part if you're buying
an event in your own location it's
likely that you are gonna have a better
chance of getting tickets for that event
why is that you're in a city where the
event is happening odds are you're
someone who actually wants to go attend
that event so if that's the case you
know take your master when it goes for
their magical algorithm they'll say hey
this person likes to go to events in New
York and this events happening in New
York and I think we're let them in so
BAM check mark verified you are good to
go
now if you're buying for an event out in
LA and you live in you know Toronto it
doesn't mean you won't get them but the
chances of you getting selected to be
verified are a bit lower than someone
who again like I said is local so if you
happen to have a
who's in the city of where the events
gonna happen you can sign up for sure
but also I would recommend you just go
talk to your buddy tell your friend hey
can you also sign up for this verified
fan presale because you might have a
better chance of getting tickets you
know what kind of just working together
so you can all have the best chance to
get those tickets another thing you
should not do is try and set up multiple
times so if you sound more than one
stick your master will only take your
final selection as your option so if
there are you know seven shows happening
and you picked LA and then you go into
the game in New York and you did it
again you pick you know Minnesota if you
aren't doing the New York show but you
ended up doing in Minnesota's your last
submission that's the one that's gonna
get selected for the verified fan
presale selection process it might say
hey you've been verified from Minnesota
not for New York sorry buddy
unfortunately that's kind of just the
way their system works so you have to
make sure that you're very careful with
the shows you're picking also so if
you're signed up many times for the same
show or for different shows this could
potentially be a flag against you so you
want to make sure that you're not
signing up for the same thing more than
once
and if you are you're trying to keep
everything in moderation nobody summer
we do sign up multiple times with the
same account with the same information
reason behind that is just because if
you do this this might be you know seen
has bought activity or broker activity
so again just want to be very careful
with how you're actually signing up so
when you actually went through the
weight room and ticket buying process
you've been verified make sure that you
only have one tab open for the event
reason behind this is that if you have
multiple sessions going at the same time
take a master one again might flag you
as a broker and then just place your
weight room number back into the back of
the line so that's always a bummer
because I need to have less chance of
getting those great tickets and then two
if you have multiple sessions open a lot
of times it's gonna happen is
Ticketmaster is gonna run it into error
so if it says hey you're logging into
this device then you're logged into this
device
sig master doesn't like that they're
gonna say hey this device over here no
longer any good we're gonna kick you out
of this weight room and then oh by the
way this one too we're just not gonna
let you in it's very important that if
you're trying to have the your best odds
you only want to have one session going
at a time lastly once you've gotten got
through all this process got your code
got through the waiting room you're into
the place to buy your tickets you're on
Ticketmaster you're ready to go you see
the map it's all
full of blue dots don't click on the
seat selection map I would highly
recommend against it
only reason behind it is because there
are many people all trying to buy
tickets at the exact same time so what's
gonna happen is you're gonna see that
map and it's gonna show all these blue
dots and all these great locations but
because there's so many people buying at
the same time by the time you actually
go and click on the map and click on
those you know four blue dots you want
to get tickets are generally speaking
gonna be gone already it's a problem the
map can't update as fast as people are
clicking and buying and checking you out
so it's very important that you try not
to use the map as much as possible if
you feel like you want to use the map
basically have an idea of what section
you're looking at and then what I would
actually recommend you do is hit ctrl F
and then search basically for that
section so if you're looking for section
221 just you know command F ctrl left
search for that and just start searching
on the sidebar and just kind of scroll
through and see what your options are
from there so it's gonna happen is the
sidebar will just show kind of the first
main options you'll have option for top
seats or just look whatever is like the
cheapest available so if you're looking
for a specific section all you need to
do is just kind of do that ctrl F do a
search for that section number other
option if it can't find it just scroll
down on the sidebar and what it'll do is
kind of load up more options for you so
as you kind of keep scrolling you might
open up different sections for you so
then you'll be able to kind of jump in
and find it from there if you feel the
need to go through the map regardless
though make sure that when you do don't
click on the best rows in that section
available because many people have the
same idea they all want to buy those
tickets what you should do is jump back
a few rows so if you see you know Row 10
and then row 12 and 15 you might be you
know the experience level between row 10
into 15 if they're the same price you
might have a better option of actually
be able to check out with those row 15
ones so if you want to kind of give
yourself the best chances of actually
checking out and game good tickets kind
of just jump back a few rows give
yourself better odds would be able to
use the map to get the tickets you want
I think that kind of covers everything
for taking master verified fan pre-sales
like I said there's kind of a whole you
know process something behind it and
then obviously master has their own you
know algorithm side of things as well
then on top of that there's just you
know odds odds odds odds odds you never
know what's gonna happen so hopefully
you guys are able to get successfully
through this process every time you sign
up if you have let me know in the
comments below if there's been any you
know successes or failures or questions
if you like this video definitely that
like button I always always always am
very happy when that happens you want to
see more great content be sure to
subscribe because I'm going to be
starting to post every couple of weeks
going forward it see you guys next time
